alright hello guys what's going on this
is the MLG pro player ninja bringing you
guys a look at the new MLG MadCatz
controller that has just come out
alright we show it to you real quick
alright this is what it looks like right
here okay it's got a removable faceplate
alright that you're going to be able to
customize in the near future it's got
the end what you Pro Circuit logo on it
that's pretty cool and it just uh just
connects right back in there you have
the Xbox d-pad Xbox thumb sticks on both
of them but you also have the option of
using the playstation thumb sticks as
well if you're into ps3 shooters so you
just take them off it's not hard it has
a detachable cord right all you have to
do is unscrew it and it comes with its
own case so you can just pack it in
there it's nice and nice and comfy you
have two removable plates right here
these are on the side these are where
your out your palms go when you're
playing you can remove those as well now
enough of talking about all the cool
little features about it this is by far
one of the best controllers I have ever
used up when it comes to being a no SLO
controller if the sensitivity on it is
absolutely unreal but it's also
partially because there is no slopes in
any direction whatsoever so I used to
play on three or four sensitivity but I
had to drop down to two and three
occasionally because of how fast how
fast the reaction time is I tried I
thought I was playing bad with this
controller and I tried to play with my
my new custom controller that I received
and it's a I couldn't play with it there
was a slow turning almost every single
direction that I noticed after playing
with this controller and in the middle
of the game I had to unplug and plug a
MadCatz controller back inside and this
is pretty much the only controller I am
able to play with now so yeah that's
pretty much it that's my that is my
review of the madcatz controller well
there's also one last thing that people
might want to know oh actually - you uh
you can add weights on the back of it
it's a it's the tangible using just take
it off and take the way
out or you can put them in depends on
some people like heavy controllers here
the weights right there and there's one
other thing I noticed what the Xbox mic
that you plug in right there a little
Xbox mic slot
it makes the voices of your teammates
instantly louder and clearer I don't
know how they manage to do that but I
usually had a hard time hearing people
when I was playing and now I don't
so this controller is absolutely
incredible I recommend it to everybody
who wants to improve their Hale gameplay
and that's it that's pretty much it
alright guys so go to my stream once you
play with this awesome controller
twitch.tv slash and engines and don't
forget to subscribe
all right later guys